Miss Shen, are you kidding?
He's our neighbor's trash
I need to joke with you.
Although he did me a small favor on the way
I don't like to owe favors
Promise to bring him here
But
I'm really missing a brother
Do you want to recognize a godsister?
If this trash can recognize Shen Hanshuang as his sister
My neighbor will be greatly benefited
Shen Lang
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and kneel down and recognize a sister
Want me to recognize my sister
What do you think?
Shen Lang, what nonsense are you talking about?
Quickly admit your mistake to Miss Shen
You don't even look at who you are.
If your name is really Miss Shen
Well, this is the blessing you have cultivated in eight lifetimes
I don't care
If you think so
Let Lin Fei go on a voyage
I wouldn't mind giving him the opportunity
Okay.
Miss Lin, this kid doesn't know what to do
If you don't mind
I'm looking for the godsister
Qianqian is better or Lin Fei knows the current affairs
Yes, Miss Shen will definitely accept Lin Fei.
By then, our Lin family will be prosperous
Li Fei, you need to take more care of your brother-in-law
We're counting on you.
Excuse me.
I don't need a dog